Adding java sample (#1)
Azure-Samples/azure-cosmos-graph-bulk-executor: java/README.md

> # GraphBulkExecutor Java Sample

Reviewer: Let's keep the original formal title so that it matches the .NET title.

Reviewer: Although we should change `Graph API` to `Gremlin API` for to match the proper API name.

> This sample uses the Java SDK 4.0 for Cosmos Db to execute bulk operations against a Cosmos Database that has been configured to use the Gremlin API. It is a port of the .Net  [GraphBulkExecutorV3](https://github.com/ealsur/GraphBulkExecutorV3).

Reviewer: We don't need to call out the original V3 sample here, as the java and dotnet implementations will serve as the spec versions for other bulk executor implementations.

> This sample uses the Java SDK 4.0 for Cosmos Db to execute bulk operations against a Cosmos Database that has been configured to use the Gremlin API. It is a port of the .Net  [GraphBulkExecutorV3](https://github.com/ealsur/GraphBulkExecutorV3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample uses the Java SDK v4.x.x for Cosmos Db to execute bulk operations against a Cosmos Database that has been configured to use the Gremlin API. It is a port of the .Net  [GraphBulkExecutorV3](https://github.com/ealsur/GraphBulkExecutorV3).
```

# Azure Cosmos sample for Java for Bulk ingestion and capabilities on Gremlin API accounts

> This sample uses the Java SDK v4.x.x for Cosmos Db to execute high-throughput bulk operations against a Cosmos Database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses the Java SDK v4.x.x for Azure Cosmos DB to execute high-throughput bulk operations against a Gremlin API graph.
```

# Azure Cosmos sample for Java for Bulk ingestion and capabilities on Gremlin API accounts

> This sample uses the Java SDK v4.x.x for Cosmos Db to execute bulk operations against a Cosmos Database that has been

Reviewer 3: high-throughput bulk operations

configured to use the Gremlin API.

> This sample is useful when hitting performance issues when uploading Vertices and Edges in bulk.

Reviewer 3: I think we can take this line out.

There are two primary components of this sample:

> [GraphBulkExecutor](src/main/java/com/azure/graph/bulk/impl/): Contains the source code for the reusable code that can

Reviewer 3: Contains the source code of the core bulk execution functionality for Gremlin API. 

Saying this should be enough - as the 'sample' part explains what one can do with that.

be harnessed within your specific domain.

[Sample](src/main/java/com/azure/graph/bulk/sample/): Contains an example implementation using the above logic. It has

> some flexibility in how it is run to allow for experimentation to determine how best to use the GraphBulkExecutor.

Reviewer 3: Contains an example implementation using the above logic. Note that, the core GraphBulkExcutor libraries takes a set of input parameter which may need to be tuned for optimal performance for a given scenario.
